(BABY CRYING)
This is Mr Mathison. He's a doctor.
Are you okay?
SALESWOMAN: An ambulance
is on the way.
-DR MATHISON: Thank you.
-Okay.
Is there a name yet?
Elijah.
(BABY CONTINUES CRYING)
Is he supposed to be crying like this?
DR MATHISON: May I?
Okay.
(SHUSHING)
Can I have him back?
What happened during the delivery?
Nothing. It was very quick.
The baby just wanted to come right out.
There were no problems.
Did you drop him?
SALESWOMAN: What?
Did you drop this baby?
Jesus Christ. no.
Inform the ambulance
that we have a situation.
SALESWOMAN: Um. Nellie...
I've never seen this.
It appears that your baby
has sustained some fractures
while inside your uterus.
His arms and his legs are broken.
CONDUCTOR: This is Eastrail 177.
Next stop. Philadelphia.
KELLY: Are you alone?
DAVID: Yeah.
Yeah.
Someone left this magazine.
Want to take a look at it?
Could I take a look at that one?
Thanks.
You like sports?
It's my field. I represent athletes.
I'm an agent.
Are you looking for
any male synchronised swimmers?
I'm thinking about getting into that.
(CHUCKLING) Is that right?
I'm afraid of water.
Think that's a problem?
You represent someone
in Philadelphia?
I'm meeting this player
from Temple University.
He's a cornerback.
This kid is 6'1". 210 pounds.
He runs a 40 in 4.3 seconds.
He's gonna be a god.
Do you like football?
Not really.
I'm David Dunn.
Kelly.
-Hi.
-Hi. nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
How long are you gonna be
in Philadelphia?
I'm married.
Great.
I'm sorry.
What are you talking about?
I think you misunderstood.
When I was...
-No.
-...saying...
I know.
I think I'm gonna find another seat.
I didn't mean to...
(SINGING ON TV)
WOMAN ON TV: That's what he failed
to realise. I look classy. not trashy.
I look classy. too.
What about me? Don't I look classy?
But I'm afraid you forgot this
and this and...
MAN 1:
Where is you be. banana?
MAN 2: Now I've got you. Weasel.
REPORTER 1: Some cars are still
on fire and the debris is everywhere.
We are not sure at this time
how rescue personnel
will be able to get on scene at all.
REPORTER 2: If you're just tuning in.
Eastrail train number 177
has derailed just outside Philadelphia
and we're bringing you live coverage
from Skycam 4.
REPORTER 1: Yes. that is...
Appears to be a rescue ambulance.
and there are more behind it
I can see on the access road.
I don't know how close
they're gonna be able to get. David.
These are woods and trees.
It's gonna be
a very difficult rescue effort.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
DOCTOR: Try to pack some of that off...
MAN: Yeah.
Hi.
I'm Dr Dubin.
You're in the emergency room
in the Philadelphia City Hospital.
You were in a serious accident.
Look at me.
How are you feeling?
Okay.
Good.
I'm gonna ask you some questions.
Have you had any heart
or asthma problems in the past?
No.
Kidney or renal problems?
Any allergies?
No.
Where were you sitting on the train?
Against the window.
In the passenger car?
Yeah.
-Where are the other passengers?
-Was your family travelling with you?
No.
Did you get up from your seat?
Are you certain
you were in the passenger car?
Yes.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Your train derailed.
Some kind of malfunction.
They only found two people alive so far.
You and this man.
DR DUBIN: His skull was cracked open
and most of his left side was crushed.
And. to answer your question.
there are two reasons
why I'm looking at you like this.
One. because it seems
in a few minutes
that you will officially be
the only survivor of this train wreck.
And two. because
you didn't break one bone.
You don't have a scratch on you.
(INAUDIBLE)
David?
What happened? In New York.
I don't think I got the job.
I'm still going...
I'm still moving there.
Just... Just not now.
Good night.
Night.
Sara Elaston. social worker at Broad
and Locust Community Centre.
we pray for your soul.
Kevin Elliot. businessman. father of six.
Glen Stevens. researcher in the area
of leukaemia at Drexel University.
we pray for your soul.
Jennifer Pennyman. third-grade
teacher at Jefferson Elementary.
we pray for your soul.
-Yes?
-Is Noel in. ma'am?
No. sir. He is not.
I read about you in the paper.
I was in an accident once. too.
A horse almost trampled me to death.
-Wow.
-Had him put down.
That's a sad story.
Could you ask Noel something
for me. please?
Proceed.
Would you ask him to check
how many sick days I've taken
since I worked here?
-That the entire message?
-Yes. ma'am.
Thank you.
QUARTERBACK: And go. Hut!
Damn!
DAVID: Hey. Noel.
NOEL: What. you hit your head
on that train?
Get your brain to start working again?
DAVID: What?
Forty dollars.
Forty dollars what?
You're getting a $40-a-week raise.
That's it.
I checked. You were right.
You've never taken a sick day.
Five years. no sick day. I get it.
You want a raise.
Smart way to make your point.
-Is Joseph okay?
-Yeah. He's asleep.
Oh.
Yeah.
I wanted to ask you a question.
It's gonna sound a little strange.
but. uh. just think about it
for a second. okay?
Okay.
When's the last time I was sick?
You remember?
I don't know.
It's been a while.
I haven't been sick this year.
I know that.
Okay.
Do you remember me getting sick?
Not a specific day.
What's this about?
Audrey. do you remember me
ever getting sick?
In the three years
we lived in this house?
In the old apartment?
Before Joseph was born?
Before we ever got married?
I can't remember.
Don't you think that's kind of weird.
not remembering one cold
or a fever or a sore throat?
What do you think it means?
I think it means
probably too tired to remember.
DAVID: Yeah.
No more sitting in this room.
I let it go on long enough.
I'm not going out there any more.
I'm not getting hurt again.
This was the last time. I told you.
You can't do anything about that.
You might fall between this chair
and that television.
If that's what God has planned for you.
that's what's gonna happen.
You can't hide from it sitting in a room.
They call me Mr Glass at school
'cause I break like glass.
You make this decision now.
to be afraid.
and you will never turn back.
Your whole life.
you will always be afraid.
(CRYING SOFTLY)
-I got a present for you.
-Why?
Forget why.
You want it or not?
Well. go get it. then.
Where is it?
On a bench. across the street.
Someone's gonna take it.
Then you better get out there soon.
I bought a whole bunch.
There'll be one of these waiting for you
every time you want to come out here.
They say this one has
a surprise ending.
ELIJAH: This is
from Fritz Campion's own library.
This is before the first issue
of the comic book
hit the stands in 1968.
It's a classic depiction
of good versus evil.
Notice the square jaw of Slayer.
common in most comic heroes.
And the slightly disproportionate size
of Jaguaro's head to his body.
This again is common.
but only in villains.
The thing to notice about this piece.
the thing that makes it
very. very special.
is its realistic depiction of its figures.
When the characters
reached the magazine.
they were exaggerated.
as always happens.
But this is a vintage.
Well...
Wrap it up.
You've made
a considerably wise decision.
You know. my kid's gonna go berserk.
Once again. please?
My son Jeb. It's a gift for him.
How old is Jeb?
He's four.
No.
No. no. no. no. no.
You need to go. Now.
What'd I say?
Do you see any Teletubbies in here?
Do you see a slender plastic tag
clipped to my shirt
with my name printed on it?
Did you see a little Asian child
with a blank expression sitting outside
in a mechanical helicopter that shakes
when you put quarters in it?
No? Well. that's what you see
at a toy store.
And you must think you're in a toy store
because you're here shopping
for an infant named Jeb.
Now. one of us has made a gross error
and wasted the other person's
valuable time.
This is an art gallery. my friend.
And this is a piece of art.
ELIJAH: We're by appointment only.
DAVID: I got a card from this store.
ELIJAH: Congratulations.
you have a mailbox.
The exhibition isn't for two weeks.
DAVID: This one was under
the windshield wiper of my car.
ELIJAH: How certain are you
that you've never taken ill?
Seventy-five percent.
Well. that's not certain at all. is it?
That's hole number one.
I'm going to be extremely sceptical
about all this.
DAVID: About all what?
I'm assuming
you've never been injured.
Would I be wrong in that assumption?
JOSEPH: Dad's been injured.
Is the child correct?
Yes. sir.
-In college. I was in a car accident.
-Was it serious?
He couldn't play football any more.
That's hole number two.
That's a big one.
Mr Price. can we talk about the note
that you left on my car?
I've studied
the form of comics intimately.
I've spent a third of my life in a hospital
bed with nothing else to do but read.
I believe comics are our last link to
an ancient way of passing on history.
The Egyptians drew on the walls.
Countries all over the world still pass
on knowledge through pictorial forms.
I believe comics are a form of history
that someone somewhere
felt or experienced.
Then. of course. those experiences
and that history
got chewed up
in the commercial machine.
got jazzed up. made titillating.
cartooned for the sale rack.
This city has seen
its share of disasters.
I watched the aftermath
of that plane crash.
I watched the carnage of the hotel fire.
I watched the news. waiting to hear
a very specific combination of words.
but they never came.
Then one day I saw a news story
about a train accident.
and I heard them.
"There is a sole survivor
and he is miraculously unharmed."
I have something
called Osteogenesis Imperfecta.
It's a genetic disorder.
I don't make a particular protein
very well
and it makes my bones very low
in density. very easy to break.
I've had 54 breaks in my life.
and I have the tamest version
of this disorder. type one.
There are type two.
type three. type four.
Type fours don't last very long.
So that's how it popped into my head.
If there is someone like me in the world.
and I'm at one end of the spectrum.
couldn't there be someone else
the opposite of me at the other end?
Someone who doesn't get sick.
who doesn't get hurt like the rest of us.
and he probably doesn't even know it.
The kind of person
these stories are about.
A person put here
to protect the rest of us.
to guard us.
-You think my dad's a real...
-I don't think anything right now.
It's a possibility. One with many holes.
Joseph. don't take another sip
of that water.
-Go throw it in the trash.
-But. Dad...
Do it now. please.
DAVID: I see guys like you all the time
in my work.
You find someone you want
to take advantage of.
You tell them a fantastic story.
Somewhere in there you say.
"I just need your credit card number.
a small down payment."
This morning was the first morning
that I can remember
that I didn't open my eyes
and feel sadness.
(DAVID CHUCKLES)
I thought the person that wrote that note
had an answer for me.
I'm gonna leave now.
Good luck with your exhibition.
So. what kind of job
do you have. David?
You said you've met guys like me
in your work.
What exactly is it that you do?
I work at the university stadium.
I'm a security guard.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
Hi.
I've come to a decision.
Okay.
I just want to ask you something. okay?
And you can be totally honest.
I'm prepared for any answer
and it won't affect me.
Have you been with anyone?
I mean.
since we've been having problems.
The answer won't affect me.
I just need to know. You know?
It won't affect me either way.
No.
(CRYING) Sorry. David. Sorry.
Anyway. my decision is
that I want to start again.
That I want it to be like it was
in the beginning.
And it's a big deal
that you walked away from that train.
I feel like it's a second chance.
And if you feel like asking me out
sometime. it'd be okay.
Okay.
JENKINS ON RADIO: Dunn.
Go for Dunn.
It's Jenkins. Look. we got a guy over
at Gate 17C with a bogus ticket.
Says he knows you.
He won't tell me his name.
What's he look like?
ELIJAH: Why is it. do you think.
that of all the professions in the world
you chose protection?
DAVID: You are a very strange man.
ELIJAH: You could've been
a tax accountant.
You could've owned your own gym.
You could've opened
a chain of restaurants.
You could've done
one of 10.000 things
but in the end.
you chose to protect people.
You made that decision
and I find that very. very interesting.
Now all I need is
your credit card number.
That last part was a joke.
(DAVID LAUGHS)
DAVID: You're a big sports fan. are you?
ELIJAH: It's starting to intrigue me.
It gets heaviest 10 minutes
before kickoff.
-Rich. why don't we pat down?
-Right.
-Just give me a minute.
-Is there a problem?
RICH: I'm sorry. I'm gonna have to
search you. Nothing personal.
The tall guy in the camouflage jacket.
Sometimes people carry weapons
in here and they drink too much.
If the team's not doing good.
bad things can happen.
We do pat-downs of the crowd
to discourage people from carrying.
If he's carrying. he'll step out of line.
RICH: Good evening. ma'am.
Put your arms up. please.
Yeah. step right up here for me.
Now can you hold your arms up for me?
DAVID: Okay.
I got you a seat
up in the yellow section.
It's in the nosebleeds.
but at least you won't get spit on.
DAVID: All right.
How'd you know that guy you bumped
was carrying a weapon?
I don't know.
Maybe it was that camouflage
army jacket he was wearing.
Those guys like to carry hunting knives
and stuff for show.
You thought he was carrying a knife?
I thought
he was carrying something. yeah.
But not a knife.
I got a...picture of a silver gun
with a black grip tucked in his pants.
You know. like on TV.
You have good instincts
for things like that?
Like what?
Knowing when people
have done something wrong.
-Yeah.
-Have you ever tried to develop it?
-I don't know what you're asking me.
-Your skill.
Look. I gotta be down on the sidelines
during the game.
You can get to your seat
right down here.
The characters in comics
are often attributed special powers.
Invisibility. x-ray vision.
things of that sort.
Okay.
I don't want to play this game any more.
It's an exaggeration of the truth.
Maybe it's based on something
as simple as instinct.
But he might not have been
carrying anything.
But he might have been carrying
a silver gun with a black grip
-tucked in his pants.
-JENKINS ON RADIO: Dunn.
I gotta go.
Yeah. I know. I'll be right down.
-One last question.
-What?
That car accident you were in.
Was there anyone else involved?
Yeah.
My wife Audrey.
She was in the car with me.
Have a good life. Elijah.
Next time. try to buy your tickets
at an authorised sales location.
(JENKINS CHATTERING ON RADIO)
I'm on my way.
ANNOUNCER ON RADIO:
...into the investigation of Train 177
being conducted
at the Eastrail holding warehouses.
The city council has stepped up
plans to pass a bill
requiring higher standards
for inspection and maintenance
of all rail transportation in Philadelphia
and its outlying districts.
Hold up a second!
I just want to ask you something!
(ELIJAH SCREAMING)
(CRYING)
JOSEPH: Dad! Hey. Dad!
Dad!
Joseph. do you know
how mad your mother would be
if she knew you were playing football?
Are you gonna tell?
You want to play last of the downs?
We got a big guy like you.
You could play on opposite sides.
He's Potter's cousin.
He's starting cornerback
at Temple University.
He's going pro in the draft.
They say he can run the 40
in 4.3 seconds.
DAVID: I've heard.
You can beat him. Dad. Let's beat 'em.
I'm gonna go in.
Just play one set of downs.
I told them you were great.
-Why'd you do that?
-Just one!
I'm gonna go in.
I've got some things to do.
-What things?
-I'm gonna work out.
-I'll help you.
-No. I don't need...
-I can't play. guys!
-There's nothing to...
I'm working out with my dad!
POTTER'S COUSIN: Three-four.
Go. go. Go. Here we go. Ready.
Hut! Doing good. Right there! There!
How much did you put on there?
You put too much. That's 250 pounds.
How much can you lift?
That's the most I ever lifted.
That could've been dangerous. Joseph.
Why don't you go upstairs now
and let me finish up. okay?
I'll take it off. I'll help you right.
You think you could've beaten up
Bruce Lee?
No.
I mean. if you knew karate.
Nope.
What if he wasn't allowed to kick
and you were really mad at him?
No. Joseph.
How much did you take off?
I lied.
You added?
How much is it?
270 pounds.
Let's put more.
Okay.
Why don't you move back a little.
just to be safe. okay?
(GROANING)
(GRUNTS)
(CLATTERING)
More?
You should never do anything like this.
You know that. right?
What do you do
if something bad happens?
Get Mom.
Right.
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
How much did you put on that time?
All of it.
What else can we use?
(DAVID GRUNTING)
How much is it?
How much is it. Dad?
About 350 pounds.
DOCTOR: Fracture of
the fifth metacarpal of the right hand.
as well as multiple fractures
of the sixth. seventh and eighth ribs.
The worst of the injury. however.
was sustained to the right leg
in the form of a spiral fracture.
There were 14 breaks.
It simply shattered.
They call me Mr Glass.
-DOCTOR: Who does?
-Kids.
DOCTOR: Are you all right. Mr Price?
Shall I continue?
Pins were placed
throughout the length of the leg.
The use of a wheelchair will be needed
for a two-month period.
The use of crutches will follow
for 12 to 14 months.
Hospital stay will range
from five to eight days.
followed by nine to 12 months
of physical therapy.
Prescribed medication
for pain management
will take the usual forms
of morphine drip. Percocet. Darvocet.
Your 10:00 is here.
The hospital discharged him
this morning.
Okay. Thanks.
Elijah. right?
We're gonna prevent
any substantial atrophy
of your good leg with this.
and it works your quadriceps.
ELIJAH: How long
have you been married?
-Twelve years.
-How'd you get together?
(AUDREY LAUGHS)
I'm a little nervous being here.
I ask too many questions
when I'm nervous.
AUDREY: A car accident.
Now you're gonna have to tell me more.
My husband was a star athlete
in college
and we were in an accident together.
Our car flipped on an icy road
and we were both injured
and he couldn't play football any more.
And if that hadn't happened. we
probably wouldn't have been together.
How so?
I think we should talk about your rehab.
You don't have to answer
if you don't want to.
So. tell me more
about the quad machine.
It prevents atrophy by...
I couldn't spend my life with someone
who played football.
It's pretty much that simple.
I mean. I don't hate the game.
I admire the amount of skill it involves
and like everyone else.
I was in awe of the way he played it.
But football in many ways is
the opposite of what I do.
You're rewarded
the more you punish your opponent.
It's too much about violence
and I don't want violence in my life.
It's not a thing many people
can understand. but...
Anyway. fate stepped in
with that car accident
and took football out of the equation.
ELIJAH: And everyone lived
happily ever after.
Sort of.
What part of David's body was injured?
Who said my husband's name
was David?
(CROWD CHEERING)
ELIJAH: A 737 crashes on takeoff.
172 die. No survivors.
A hotel fire downtown. 211 die.
No survivors.
An Eastrail train derails
seven-and-a-half miles outside the city.
131 die. One survivor.
He is unharmed.
I've spoken with your husband
about his survival.
I suggested
a rather unbelievable possibility.
Since then. I've come to believe
that possibility. however unbelievable.
is now more a probability.
And what was it you suggested?
These are mediocre times. Mrs Dunn.
People are starting to lose hope.
It's hard for many to believe
there are extraordinary things
inside themselves as well as others.
I hope you can keep an open mind.
Excuse me. sir?
Can you step out of line. please?
We've been having some problems
with people selling drugs
here in the stadium.
Would you mind
if I check your pockets?
Raise your arms. please.
-Come on. raise 'em up.
-MAN: I just got here.
Can I put my hands down now?
Can I go?
Yeah.
Hope you find them.
JENKINS ON RADIO: Yo. Dunn.
Yeah.
This just came into the office.
Your kid was hurt.
Where is he?
Some play rehearsal at school.
He wants you to come down there.
BOY: Is that your dad?
I bet my dad could beat up your dad.
No. he insisted we call only you.
Though we had some trouble
tracking you down.
I mean. you're not on our list.
-Audrey handles this type of stuff.
-Oh.
What type of stuff?
Joseph stuff.
Do I need to put any smelly ointment
on him or anything?
No. no. It's more emotional damage.
Not too serious. physically.
Nothing like when I sent you
to the hospital.
What was that?
My office was on the other side
of the building back then.
You don't remember me. do you?
-No. ma'am.
-I had red hair.
Well. you were a little younger
than Joseph when it happened.
Did you know that we changed
the rules of conduct around the pool
because of you?
The kids still tell about it
like it was some sort of ghost story.
"Did you know there was
a kid nearly drowned in that pool?
"He lay on the bottom of the pool
for five minutes.
"and when they pulled him out.
he was dead."
We let them tell it.
It helps keep them safe.
You still phobic of water?
JOSEPH: It was Potter
and another guy.
They were messing with
this Chinese girl in the dressing room.
You can't let bad things
happen to good people. right?
That's your code. right?
That's the hero's code?
I tried to make them stop.
but they kept pushing me down
and they wouldn't let me get back up.
I thought maybe 'cause you're my dad.
I thought I might be like you.
I'm not like you.
You are like me.
We can both get hurt.
-I'm just an ordinary man.
-No. you're not.
Why do you keep saying that?
AUDREY: Elijah Price came to visit me
at the centre today.
Jesus.
He didn't do anything. He just...
Told me his theory.
That's sad when patients get like that.
They lose reality.
Joseph. what the hell are you doing?
AUDREY: Oh. my God.
You don't believe. I'll show you.
You can't get hurt.
That gun's not loaded.
He doesn't know
where I keep the bullets.
JOSEPH: In your Rookie
of the Year trophy.
Joseph. did you load that gun?
-You won't get hurt.
-DAVID: Elijah was wrong.
-AUDREY: When did he meet Elijah?
-He was with me when I met him.
JOSEPH: No one believes him.
Joseph. listen to me.
Sometimes when people get sick
or hurt for a long time. like Elijah.
their mind gets hurt. too.
and they start to think things
that aren't true.
He told me what he thought
about your father.
It isn't true.
I'll show you.
Do you remember the story
about the boy
that almost drowned in the pool?
That was me they were talking about.
I almost died.
-You're lying.
-That was me. I'm not lying. okay?
I just didn't remember it. that's all.
Joseph. you know
your father was injured in college.
You know that. You know all about that!
Don't do it. He'll die. Joseph.
-I'll just shoot him once.
-Joseph. listen to what your...
(GUN COCKING)
JOSEPH: Don't be scared.
Joseph. if you pull that trigger.
I'm going to leave.
Do you understand?
I'm going to go to New York.
You're right. If you pull that trigger.
that bullet is just gonna bounce off me
and I'm not going to be hurt.
But then I'm gonna go upstairs
and I'm gonna pack
and I'm going to leave for New York!
-Why?
-Because I thought
we were just starting
to be friends for real.
And friends will listen to each other.
(STAMMERING) And they don't
shoot each other. do they. Audrey?
No shooting friends. Joseph.
DAVID: Joseph!
You are about to be in big trouble!
Now I am your father
and I am telling you to put
that goddamn gun down right now!
One.
two...
ELIJAH: I followed the guy
in the camouflage jacket.
He had a silver gun with a black grip
tucked in the back of his pants.
Were you really injured
in that car accident in college?
'Cause I believe you faked it.
I believe you took the opportunity
to end your football career.
no questions asked.
And I think you did it.
of all things. for a woman.
I guess that makes sense.
Football's what. just 10 years?
But love. now. that's forever.
And that little bit of sadness
in the mornings you spoke of.
I think I know what that is.
Perhaps you're not doing
what you're supposed to be doing.
DAVID: Most guns have
a black or silver handle.
I had a 50-50 shot
of getting the colour right.
-That's not what I witnessed.
-Stop.
Stop messing with my life. Elijah.
My son almost shot me last night
because he wanted to prove
you were right.
I never said you couldn't be killed.
I never said that.
-My wife was right.
-There have been three major disasters
and you were the only one unharmed.
I have been sick.
When I was a kid. I spent a week
in the hospital getting better
from pneumonia.
I almost drowned.
Two skinny little kids were fooling
around in a pool dunking me
and I swallowed some water.
They didn't know it
and it almost killed me.
Heroes don't get killed like that.
Normal people do. right?
I don't need to see you any more. okay?
Please stay away from my family.
(PUNK ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO)
Hey. man. it's 20 after.
It's time to choose.
I gotta head.
You better not be jacking off
to the Japanese comics.
I swear to God.
Look. man.
I didn't know you were in a...
Just choose something. all right?
AUDREY: The babysitter's here.
-Should we cancel?
-I'm fine.
We can do this another time.
Don't lie.
I'm fine. I just got mixed up.
How about we just go
for a couple drinks?
Okay. look. man.
I'm just gonna wheel you out. All right?
You can think about things outside
on the sidewalk.
I gotta get some chicken in me.
you know what I'm saying?
Shit!
Dude.
Man. I don't care if you are
in a wheelchair.
if you do that again. I'm calling 5-0.
Man.
That's it. crackerjack. You're gonna be
sitting your ass in jail now.
How much for this one?
-Rust?
-Yeah.
As a colour. not as rust.
You know.
like rust-coloured paint or wood.
I didn't know that.
Mine's still brown.
Okay. my turn.
Favourite song.
Soft and Wet by
The Artist Formerly Known as Prince.
What?
We're supposed to be honest.
Soft and Wet.
(LAUGHING) That's very interesting.
Okay. my turn.
When was the first time
the thought popped into your head
we might not make it?
That's not the game.
It's a first date. There aren't any rules.
(DAVID SIGHS)
-Don't know for sure.
-Think carefully.
-What about the game?
-It's over. I won.
Look. maybe it wasn't
a specific moment.
-Maybe it was time...
-I had a nightmare one night
and I didn't wake you up
so you could tell me that it was okay.
I think that was the first time.
Does that count?
That counts.
Do you knowingly keep
me and Joseph at a distance?
Yes.
Why?
I don't know.
I just don't feel right. Audrey.
Something's just not right.
Do you resent us. David?
Resent the life you have?
You know. there were a lot
of other things you could've done
after college. These were your choices.
You know. even if it meant
we couldn't have been together.
I never would've wished
that injury on you.
What you could do physically
was a gift.
I never would've wished it to go away.
You know that. right?
You got two calls
after Joseph went to bed.
One came through
while I was on the other line.
but I wasn't talking too long.
There was an emergency
with my sister.
She tried to do her own perm
and now she looks
-like she's stuck her head...
-Who called through?
Someone from New York.
About a security job.
They want to hire you.
I didn't know you guys
were moving to New York.
Thanks for telling me.
We weren't all gonna move.
Oh.
I let the answering machine pick up
the other call.
GIRL: Great.
Look. let's just be honest here.
We're just at the beginning.
and I don't expect you or I to change
the course of where our lives
were headed because of one date.
And if you do go to New York.
we can develop this.
We'll just be forced to take it slow.
And in the end.
I think that's definitely better.
I mean. this is
our second time around. David.
I didn't expect us to get carried away.
Then I guess "congratulations"
is the right thing to say.
David. it's Elijah. It was so obvious.
It was this one issue
that brought it back for me.
Century Comics 117.
That's where this group.
the Coalition of Evil.
tried to ascertain the weakness
of every superhero.
because they all have one.
just like you.
Your bones don't break. mine do.
That's clear.
Your cells react to bacteria
and viruses differently than mine.
You don't get sick. I do.
That's also clear.
But for some reason. you and I
react the exact same way to water.
We swallow it too fast. we choke.
and we get some in our lungs.
we drown.
However unreal it may seem.
we are connected. you and I.
We are on the same curve.
just on opposite ends.
The point of all this
is we now know something we didn't.
You have a weakness. Water.
It's like your Kryptonite.
You hearing me. David?
(DAVID PANTING)
DAVID: Audrey?
(GRUNTS)
I gotcha. I gotcha.
Audrey. Audrey?
(CAR APPROACHING)
Hey!
My... I thought I was dead.
Me. too. Me. too.
Is she all right?
I think her leg's broken.
MAN: Are you hurt?
Hey. man. are you hurt?
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
DAVID: I wasn't injured
in that car accident.
David.
I've never been injured. Elijah.
What am I supposed to do?
Go to where people are.
ELIJAH: You won't have to
look very long.
It's all right to be afraid. David.
because this part won't be
like a comic book.
Real life doesn't fit into little boxes
that were drawn for it.
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Go back to Africa!
Hey. what's your name?
WOMAN: Huh?
I think you drank too much.
Can I come in?
Who are you?
I like your house.
Can I come in?
What is this?
No. you can't come in.
Are you sure?
What are... What are you...
(CHATTERING ON TV)
(CLATTERING)
COMMENTATOR ON TV: Johnston
with his head against the fence.
He's vulnerable because he doesn't
have the space to move as fast now.
So he always stays in range.
Johnston being warned
by referee John McCartney to move.
Not an easy task right now.
Shamrock's right hand
is his best hand.
Right hand by Shamrock again.
Another one!
Shamrock landing again!
(CLATTERING)
You want to win it.
(GIRL CRYING SOFTLY)
It's okay.
Come on.
(CHILDREN CRYING)
Okay. Come on.
(SHUSHING)
(COUGHING)
(DAVID GRUNTS)
I had a bad dream.
It's over now.
DAVID: (SOFTLY)
That's what I thought.
AUDREY: (SOFTLY)
What were you thinking?
DAVID: Well...
AUDREY: It's me.
DAVID: I don't know.
I can't believe you'd think that.
I'm just asking you.
I'm making French toast.
AUDREY: I've been thinking
about Elijah Price.
If he shows up again. I think
we should call the police. okay?
Okay?
Okay.
(WHISPERS) You were right.
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
This is one of Johann Davis'
earliest drawings.
See the villain's eyes?
They're larger
than the other characters'.
They insinuate a slightly skewed
perspective on how they see the world.
Just off normal.
He doesn't look scary.
That's what I said to my son.
But he says there's always two kinds.
There's the soldier villain
who fights the hero with his hands.
and then there's the real threat.
the brilliant and evil archenemy
who fights the hero with his mind.
Are you Elijah's mother?
I am. I'm helping him with the sale.
Nice to meet you. I'm David Dunn.
He's spoken of you.
Says you're becoming friends.
We are.
Looks like he's doing good today.
I'm very proud of him.
He's come through a lot in his life.
Couple of bad spells
I thought had broken him.
They were bad. But he made it.
Yes. he did.
He's kind of a miracle.
Yes. he is.
-I'll tell him you're here.
-Thank you.
It has begun.
Tell me something. David.
When you woke up this morning.
was it still there?
The sadness?
DAVID: No.
I think this is where we shake hands.
(EXPLOSION)
(ALL CLAMOURING)
(POLICE SIREN WAILING)
(ALARM RINGING)
I worked in that building 25 years.
I know all its secrets.
Secrets?
Like. if there ever was a fire
on floors one. two or three.
everyone in that hotel
would be burnt alive.
MAN: Passengers aren't
allowed in there.
ELIJAH: Do you know
what the scariest thing is?
To not know your place in this world.
To not know why you're here.
That's... That's just an awful feeling.
What have you done?
I almost gave up hope.
There were so many times
I questioned myself.
You killed all those people.
But I found you.
So many sacrifices just to find you.
Jesus Christ.
Now that we know who you are.
I know who I am.
I'm not a mistake.
ELIJAH: It all makes sense.
In a comic. you know how you can tell
who the archvillain's going to be?
He's the exact opposite of the hero.
And most times they're friends.
like you and me.
I should've known way back when.
You know why. David?
Because of the kids.
They called me Mr Glass.